Incredible India is a word consists of five latter where I stands for In-heritage, N stands for Nationalism, 
D stands for diversity, i stands for incompatible power and A stands for Assert. Incredible India Speech
Incredible India India is unique country with diversity. ”unity is diversity” is main slogan of country.
India is known for diversity in region, diversity in languages, diversity in food, diversity in clothes, diversity
in festival, diversity in states, diversity in everything which uniquely represents country and its people. India is
republic country which is for the people, by the people and from the people. People rule its county, people choose 
their own leader, and people are independent of doing anything. India is a country where people are changed according 
to location. Every state has its incredible beauty of heritage as well as nation. Every state has its own religion story
North region consist of Himalayas, Kashmir which is heaven of India. The 7 Sisters and Sikkim also belong to north region.
They have their own religion temples. This place belongs to Lord Buddha and its temple. East region is known for Bengali 
places and rivers .it also consists some very interesting heritage story and monuments. Middle region consists of Punjab, 
Uttar Pradesh which is mainly known as land of Krishna, land of ram, land of love-Taj mahal, land of colour. Land of 
monuments and heritage. And Punjab is a state known for king of farms.it is incredible to see this with different colours.
The western part is incredible due to Arabian see and Deserts, Gujarat, Rajasthan and Maharashtra are 3 most incredible 
places. Gujarat is state where lions reside in girs, Rajasthan is a place of kings, fighters, and real heritage.it is
also known as desert. Maharashtra is known as land of god. South region is known for their cultural festivals, languages
and foods. People are religious and believe in god. It is also known as land of nawabs. The people generally are of black
tone and are known for coconut and rice items. India is 
incredible for those who believe in it. India is incredible because of monuments, forests, and heritage. 
Ever year foreigners visit India to see the places and its story. But some Indians don’t realize important treasure of 
county. They should keep secure this treasure As India is an Incredible.